welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna attempt to solve a
mysterious story filled with intrigue
and revenge
the 1985 slasher the nail gun massacre
let's get to it we open immediately on
what appears to be an elder group of mad
lads engaged in some construction site
shenanigans but the situation unfolds
quickly to reveal a brutal and
disgusting sexual assault we then waste
no time getting to the consequences as
we swoop in on a hill Jack homestead
where Lee Roy is yelling at his old lady
about the absence of this shirt we see
what initially appears to be some sort
of elite paintballer from taking a
bafflingly clothes sneaking route around
Mary Sue but still managing to avoid
detection she's revealed to be some sort
of psychotic roofer with a nail gun and
pounds a couple of rounds into this
hairy slab despite his protestations
Mary Sue comes upon the gruesome scene
and has absolutely fit to be tied
bling into the woods baby on hip Worthen
orally assaulted with the playful sounds
of afternoon lovemaking whatever those
are
but our brawny beaver has to put his
lady on ice nearly missing a scheduled
appointment to help his compatriot cut
some wood in the forest he heads to the
work site unwilling to be deemed
derelict in his obligations these two
stout working men have a casual chitchat
about their friend who was killed not
far from here then a familiar figure
rose up and began stalking her way into
the woods biding her time when Gil
splits off to take a leak he leaves
himself vulnerable to pithy one-liners
and he gets as testiclees pinned to his
leg like his knackers are the prized
specimen in an entomological collection
then mark takes a couple of shots as
well cutting off his hand in the process
the sheriff shows up under suspicion
that men of working age may be lazing
about and he runs the plates which come
back as murder the dock is called in for
some inspectin and he declares the men
unrecoverable in the course of vigor and
he makes two definitive observations all
three victims so far were found an old
lady Bailey's property and denim jackets
are bitching meanwhile we see a familiar
vehicle drive by a surly hitchhiker who
makes a tremendous series of mistakes
this results in him being inundated with
about five one-liners defeating the
purpose before finally taking a nail to
the upper tricep a perfect kill shot but
the authorities are busy
cleaning up bodies all over town as they
find a young woman just outside CJ's the
dog tries to complete his examination
while also pretending he hasn't creamed
his pants and CJ presses him for more
info and what caused all of her
mysterious puncture wounds human body
but there's no time to finish sentences
when murders afoot the next day a couple
of boys occupying old lady Bailey's
house are getting supplies from the
lumberyard and Linda gets absolutely
pissed that they forgot the receipt I
mean have you ever and then a couple of
Road boys roll up looking for an honest
day's wages and they're directed to old
lady Bailey's property where there's
construction work to be done they're
thankful for the info but Bubba's
absolutely pissed about that they find
the site inactive so they wait and since
it's Thursday they whip out their picnic
accoutrement and partake in a sensual
cracker based lunch these two Randy
beasts steal away to rub up against a
tree trunk like a couple of horny bears
John gets nailed in the back of the head
and in fairness he tries to keep going
but he Peters out right when it matters
most and the killer's quest for revenge
against any and all construction workers
she takes out the rest even though they
haven't even built anything yet
we then transition horde into the
residents of the Bailey estate leading
the sheriff in the dock to the bodies so
they take a look and do some stuff then
we move on to some good old boys having
a classic nail gun fight at the worksite
it's all fun and games until a read
steps on a rake and also when they get
murdered here we get confirmation that
they're being killed for their
involvement in Linda's gang rape
something that read attempts to
apologize for only after taking a nail
to the face but she is uncaring then we
get this do sure pulling up to the soda
shop with his date forgetting that it
employs one of his prior conquests which
leads to an awkward situation despite
all this things go well enough to earn
the privilege of insertion and they both
become geometry experts in the process
of trying to work it out in his
two-seater however the fun is brought to
an end when he's forced to assume the
position
and they both suffer at deadly faith the
next day we see what may be a foreman or
a boss figure pondering all the murders
that are connected to his construction
site unfortunately before piecing
together the puzzle
he gets bushwhacked and his lady comes
out disappointed to find they're having
fried pork belly for lunch back in town
the docs hard at work computing since
his PhD is actually in computer science
not medicine but he's finding it quite
stressful at his wits end he calls in a
favor from his specialist friend
offering some info and requesting a
profile they have to wait on that while
gathering some additional evidence
is there anyone you can think of they
might have reason to kill your father
wait what I thought he was her daddy not
her father this is where the sheriff
puts together that the victims are all
connected to Linda making her a suspect
the doc is an advocate for Linda though
and he can't get on board with this
hypothesis unsettled by these
implications the doc hops into his v6
Camaro and very nearly peels out as he
drives toward Linda's trailer she denies
involvement but confirms bub is gone so
they go to where they know he is somehow
and they're soon on his tail
so he takes off like a durin Jackrabbit
but he's not getting away easy when you
got a hundred and fifty five for your
wheel horses they have a moderate speed
chase that ends on the side of a gravel
mound converting to a foot chase that
ends in an accidental but predictable
fall the helmet is removed to reveal
twas Bubba all along oh and the shears
here ruminating yes it most certainly is
and that was the nail gun massacre a
classic in entertainingly bad cinema
blessed with a threadbare plot and sound
mixing evocative of your worst
nightmares I don't remember what I paid
for this movie but it came with a
tremendous cost if you enjoyed the video
I'd love for to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching